Master Hao is here
You are dead.
Master Hao, you are here
Why are you here?
Someone is going to fight my brother Li Ershao
I'm here to look at it head-on.
I didn't expect the other party to be a family lover, right?
We can't beat them
You have to rely on Haoyan your brother.
Who is this? Isn't this tyrannical?
It's that woman.
With the migrant worker
Wan Tianhao blames Miss Xuanfeng
He is yours.
Do you usually run errands?
Did he provoke Miss Xuanfeng?
It's a small thing for him to provoke me
But he said he was going to kill Mr. Lee
That's a big deal.
What he
He said he would kill Mr. Li
Where is Mr. Li?
Who is Mr. Li?
I just have some advice
Mr. Li forgive me
It's a subordinate who has no discipline
I'll deal with it right away
Master Hao, what are you doing?
He's just a wife in your family
Why do you belong to him who sells fried noodles on the street?
Hey, shut up.
What's the matter with you, sir?
Cold Mr. Fan Li
Nine lives are not enough for you
Somebody drag me out
Break legs
Top into the crematorium